| Date       | Meeting Minutes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 09/14/2018 | we all had an meeting about 2 hours and we discussed about the frameworks that to be used in our project. For the frontend we discussed to use vue.js. For database we discussed to use MongoDb. For the backend we discussed to use Node.js and discussed the basics of these concepts. We discussed about the roles that we are taking and the tasks to be done. We had discussed about the all software we are going to use |
| 9/15/2018  | Anurag, Naveen Chanduluri and myself had a meeting for 2hours and we discussed about how and when to start the marketing. We discussed how to make a flyer and what tool we need to use for the flyer. We are going to use Adobe illustrator and adope photoshop for the flyer. We have gone through some training videos and decided to make a demo video in promoting the app.                                               |
| 09/16/2018 | Vyshnavi, sravya and Naveen Chandaluri had a meeting for 4 hours. We discussed things like how Signup and sign in pages should be what all elements it should contain and there working function for our project. We came to know about how to run our project and how to use vue.js for the frontend with the help of Naveen Chandaluri. we discussed logos and tested the project with some test cases.                      |
| 09/19/2018 | We had team meeting on 25th.   We discusseed about the roles of our team to be updated and assigned some tasks to each of us and discussed about the UI Design.    We also had a discussion on topic to code the all pages.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 09/21/2018 | We had a discussion on our performance of those two days and discussed about the changes we have to make.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| 10/02/2018 | we all discussed about creating codewords and have selected the names for the codewords. We also decided to create individual dashboards for student and instructor. We have divided tasks among ourselves which needs to be completed for this week.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 10/05/2018 | we all had discussion about few changes suggested by Dr Hoot regarding adding search bar for user pages, email address should be case sensitive,adding a new course,logout option to should be simple and direct instead of going through many step and should contain icon to logout button and removing crn and create add/delete codeword set option from student interface.                                                |
| 10/09/2018 | We have discussed about the tasks we need to complete for the week and assigned it to each one of us. We have reviewed our previous week tasks and comments provided by Dr. Hoot and checked if we have completed them successfully,                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 10/11/2018 | We have discussed about the client meeting happened on Wednesday and suggestions provided Dr. Hoot. we have discussed about changing the current design as it looks good on large screen but not on the small screen. Adding a unique identifier for instructor. Creating survey URL for pre and post. Also creating a checkbox for indication expired courses.                                                                |
| 10/19/2018 (5PM to 7PM) | Chandaluri, Naveen Kumar, Nuggu, Naveen Kumar, Kancharla, Sravya, Kumar, Anurag, Vijaya, Sreelekha, Yanala, Srimai Reddy and myself had a meeting for 2 hours. Emails, Documenting, Client Meetings, Mentor Meetings, Group meetings should be taken care by Shivani Reddy Dodla, Ujjwal Kumar and Sreelekha Vijaya (No other are allowed to do commits for this work). Schedule for Client or Mentor meetings should be taken care by project managers. Scrum masters should take care about tasks every week and updates should be done by every Saturday. Testing part should take care by Yanala, Srimai Reddy, Kumar, Anurag, Yalamareddy, Vyshnavi. By Tuesday before team meeting, testing team should send a mail to all the team members about the issues in our project. By Friday before team meeting, testing team should take care of the issues that they worked for the whole week. We discussed about the MVP2 release and MVP3 plan. Chandaluri, Naveen Kumar, Nuggu, Naveen Kumar, Kancharla, Sravya should take care of UI design.    |
